---
title: "01: FedHome: Cloud-Edge based Personalized Federated Learning for In-Home Health Monitoring Qiong Wu, Xu Chen, Zhi Zhou, Junshan Zhang"
date: 2021-11-15
type: book
commentable: true

# Provide the name of the presenter
summary: "Presenter(s): Clyde James Felix, Saige Dacuycuy, Nguyen Banh"

# Provide other tags that describe the paper
tags:
- teaching
- ee693e
- Federated Learning

---

***
## Paper Summary
Data shows that the population of elders will increase significantly. This will lead to more elders needing medical care in thier personal homes. Today, more IoT technologies and software solutions are being used in the telehealth applications, such as this one! For this application, a home health monitoring system is useful for the elders who are in need of medical assisstance. An emerging technology of Artificial Intelligence can be utilize to solve these problems. For an AI system, each home will have to send data into a machine learning model in a cloud server. The server will then be used for user services. This approaches poses security risks by sending data wirelessly. This paer proposes in using Federated Learning to send model parameters, instead of data, wirelessly to the cloud server. This paper also explains the approach to solve Federated Learning problems using Generative AutoEncode and other algorithms. The paper shows good performance results using the AI system.
***

## Presentation
{{< youtube C2LOWF_K-FM >}}

***

## Review
### Strengths
- Ensures data privacy by sending model parameters (using homomorphic encryption) and not actual data.
- Ensures higher accuracy by adding personalization schemes per edge clients.

### Weaknesses
- This system is computationally heavy.
- Hyper parameters might be harder to tune, and there are alot of them

### Detailed Comments
The world's population aged 60 and above is projected to grow to 1.2 billion in 2025 and 2 billion by 2050. Due to the combined sensing, processing, and communication capabilities of IoT devices, the Internet of Things (IoT) is set to make significant advancements in healthcare systems. Given that users' health data entails individual privacy, gathering and keeping an abundance of health monitoring data would entail a significant danger of privacy leakage. Federated learning (FL), which Google suggested in 2016, may alleviate the privacy issue in community healthcare by respecting data ownership and preserving data locality for application deployment at scale. FedHome is a cloud-based federated learning platform for individualized health monitoring in the home.

As the model trained on both the cloud and the edges, they present a unique generative convolutional autoencoder (GCAE) network. It avoids downloading sensitive data from users to a centralized cloud server, hence lowering network latency and alleviating privacy concerns. FedHome is a cloud-based, customized, federated learning platform for remote health monitoring in the home. FedHome develops a worldwide shared model from distributed houses with the assistance of a central server. It achieves a high accuracy of 95.41 percent, outperforming the commonly used convolutional neural network (CNN) method by more than 7.49 percent.

FedHome is a cloud-based health monitoring system for the house that consists of a cloud server and a network of edge computing nodes. Users may train a machine learning model called MFED without uploading or revealing their data to a central cloud server. Its mission is to develop artificial intelligence algorithms for healthcare applications ranging from hospital to home. Architecture with a Cloud-Edge. By using federated learning, all users may combine their local models into a global model in the cloud to facilitate knowledge transfer without revealing their private data to the outside world.

Additionally, family members may exchange data and train a shared model at the edge. The cloud model is built on generic data sets from distant houses, which may not accurately reflect the unique features of each target user. GCAE is well-suited for federated learning since it is lightweight and can significantly minimize communication costs between the cloud and the edges.

FedHome uses deep neural networks to train both the cloud model and the client model at the edges (DNNs). The learning issue is essentially a problem of empirical risk reduction. The FedHealth framework makes use of homomorphic encryption to prevent model parameter information leaks during the learning phase for in-home health monitoring. As part of a bigger effort by WeBank's AI branch, the data privacy concept has been examined and used in FL contexts.

They suggest that a generative prediction model be learned in both the cloud and at the edges. For both the encoder and decoder, we adopt a convolutional neural network (CNN) as the primary architecture. Without submitting to the cloud, the model is always maintained by the local user. FedHome's training process begins with the cloud server managed by a smart healthcare service provider initializing the GCAE model and then sending it to all participating IoT devices (e.g., smartphones). Each user of an IoT device can then offload the training task to the trustworthy edge for fast computation. Overlay sampling is a frequently used technique of oversampling to obtain a class-balanced dataset.

GCAE not only generates new data but also significantly minimizes transmission overhead. Both the encoder and decoder employ convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with shared parameters. GCAE enables significant reductions in communication overhead without sacrificing performance. It is critical in federated environments like mobile banking and e-commerce. Each home user may further develop a tailored model by combining the data with a class-balanced dataset.

FedHome is therefore adaptable to a wide variety of privacy-preserving healthcare applications. Additionally, it may use additional deep neural networks that are optimized for a particular job, such as an attention network for dementia prediction.


### Implementation


### Experimentation


### Audience Questions
What are the advantages of Generative Convolutional Autoencoder (GCAE) compared to other standard Auto Encoders (AE)?

By using the generative component, GCAE can extract more features than other regular AutoEncoders.

During the personalization step, is it done over the same parameters for all the subjects or is it done using different parameters for different subjects?

Personalization algorithms can require different parameters to improve performance for each subjects.

Does CNN require large resources for computation?

CNN is usually computationally heavy. This depends on the size of the data, along with other CNN parameters such as filter size, strides, padding, and others.
