---
title: "01: A printed millimetre-wave modulator and antenna 
array for backscatter communications at gigabit 
data rates
John Kimionis, Apostolos Georgiadis, Spyridon Nektarios Daskalakis, 
Manos M. Tentzeris"
date: 2021-12-06
type: book
commentable: true

# Provide the name of the presenter
summary: "Presenter(s): Beemnet Alemayehu, Tasmia Tahmid, Nguyen Banh"

# Provide other tags that describe the paper
tags:
- teaching
- ee693e
- mmWave
- backscatter

---

***
## Paper Summary
The increasing prevalence of IoT requires the use of scalable and robust communication systems that can deliver higher data rates with low power consumption. This paper investigates the novel technology to achieve this combination of high data rate and minimized energy consumption. By utilizing the wide bandwidth and large communication rates of mmWave technology, this paper uses backscattering to provide gigabit data rates with low-complexity approach. The low complexity front end reduces the cost and time it takes to fabricate this technology enabling it to be scalable.
***

## Presentation
{{< youtube C2LOWF_K-FM >}}

***

## Review
### Strengths
- Scalable (no hardware mixer and oscillator)
- Low cost, low complexity, low power
- Support multiple modulation schemes

### Weaknesses
- parasitics


### Detailed Comments


### Implementation


### Experimentation


### Audience Questions
1.	What is the between PSK and QPSK? 

The simplest form of PSK is BPSK, so we are assuming you are asking the difference between BPSK and QPSK. QPSK uses 4 constellation points which allows it to encode two bits per symbol. This can let the data rate sent over the same bandwidth to be doubled or send the same data rate over half the bandwidth of a BPSK modulation. 

2.	Do you know the cost for using single-transisiter front-ends for backscatter instead of active mixers?


4.	Is the LCP substrate the only/best option for them?

